PROPOSAL 0001 - Creation of proposal process (#4577)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: Documentation/proposals/readme.md

# Prometheus-Operator proposals

> This section is used to document proposals that the prom-operator team feels go beyond the scope of a simple GitHub issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is used to document proposals that the prometheus-operator team feels go beyond the scope of a simple GitHub issue.
```

## Quickstart
1. Fork this repository and clone your forked repository
2. Run `new.sh` from this directory with a new proposal number and title as arguments:
   ```bash
   ./new.sh 0005 awesome-new-feature
   ```
3. Fill out the information block at the top of the readme, with 'reserved' as the status.
4. Commit/push and make a pull request to this repository

> 5. Create a PR merging your forked repo (with the branch) into `prometheus-operator:main`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a pull request merging your forked repository (with the branch) into `prometheus-operator:main`
```

>    - Set the title of MR to "Reserving Proposal 0001" (replacing 0001 with your proposal number)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Set the title of the pull request to "Reserving Proposal 0001" (replacing 0001 with your proposal number)
```

Author: You caught me, (I spend most of my day using GitLab...)
